

You on the internet and shit and uh... these motherfuckers be posting videos of songs like: "Uh, oh, uh, this the motherfucking blame it on the throne freestyle". Nigga, that wasn't a fuckin' freestyle, nigga you pre-wrote that shit and just spitted it on a fucking camera. I don't really get why these motherfucking rappers just like... they, they don't wanna freestyle no more, it's like, you ain't got no more niggas that can really fucking spit of the top of the dome. So this nigga Left Brain gave a fucking beat, alright, I really liked this shit, I'll just fucking freestyle on it and this nigga fucking Hodgy Beats, I don't know why he's in here but he just gonna fucking ad-lib. So uuuhhh...yeah

Yo, (yo), yo, (yeah), yo, (yo)
Your bitch pretty, she pretty
And now she's screaming, now I fill her up with semen
All she see is seamen
Now you hear her voice, no pro-choice
Know I’m hot, pro-abortion on this boat.
Bitch calm down, down
Krusty The Clown making you laugh.
Laugh, finger in your ass
Now you like "woah, hold up mister I don’t know your name.”
Bitch shut the fuck up, you are on the train.
Just to death.
Chop your body up and put it in the freezer,
Bleeder.
Before I kill a fucker just to please her.
No condom, I just might disease her,
and if that fucking happens, fuck it she’ll be dead chopped up in my motherfucking freezer.
You can fucking get the vanilla, Minnelli, Liza. Elizah.
“Here you want a sample? Nigga try her.”
Kinda like apprentice, nigga fire, I’ma dentist.
Niggas looking at me, hair nappy, here’s a brush.
But she don’t wanna rush, cause if if I fucking bust,
Quick,
she’s gonna be pissed.
But then I pulled out, fuck I can’t have blue balls, so bitch start suckin my dick,
and then she fucking licked.
I bust up on her face, now she’s looking Like Michael, Jackson, Jackson.
Now I sound like, Tony, Braxton.
Deep voice motha’fucka. Fucka had her suckin on my wrapper lollipop like it’s a sucker, motherfucker. (Bitch.)
I’m back for round two.
I found you.
You’d try to run, but I found blue.
Yellow’s over there, in the motherfucking field, Where, the niggas wear colored pants, jerk, and pop pills.
I’m on the other side, were all them niggas ride, a nigga skatin.
We take Indie bitches With Hodgy Be’ayes up on a date.
Where nigga smoke blunts, or sniff coke, where motherfuckin freestyles never wrote, or writtin.
I’m livin.
Niggas shittin while I’m pissin on they face.
Mace.
Here you call the cops, here’s my phone, I’ll catch a case.
But I got, a good lawyer, so my fuckin record erase.
Just like a fuckin pencil, I mental.
Left Brain, laced this instrumental, with some shit that’s so illegal, that,
he gon have to go and fly over seas like an eagle,
in the Winta, Decemba, Imba, Limpa,
Kick him in the leg now he limpa. IMPA.
Niggas rollin round, Nipsey Hustle in the Impala.
Lookin at me while I style on ya.
Oh, you mad cause I’m stylin on you?
Plus the cal is on me?
4-5in on em,
Gnolly tricks on ya bitch, girl-boy lookin clean, cause,
You already know my hat green, and that shit Sayin SUPREME.
Uh.
You can’t fuck with it, you little H-B, you hate me, A-C, L-B,H-B.
C-V. Super 3. And Bran’doom DeShay, with my Nigga Domo, the Gene’says, you
Hate on the O-F, that’s the best letter in the world, and I’m better better, than your better girl.
She the best I’ve ever had. I-- [cough cough]
Asthma. [Cough] Fuck it. I’m coughin. This the re’free-- [cough cough] Oh shit. [cough cough] I’m bout to hit it back. [cough]
I said,
This the re-freestyle,
No written.
I spit all my shit from the dome, home like a motherfucker nigga leavin his college,
For good.
In the Hood.
I’m from Ladera, not from IngleWood.
Hawthorne couple times, go the city where I be.
Even up in Hollywood, you could find me.
I’m not a fucking cliche, e-shay, e, a, ohhh fuck it I’m over it,
I got work tomorrow.
Left Brain let me get a beat to borrow just so I could spit the shit quick.
Bitches with some big lips. Yeah she got some big lips.
A nice long tongue, for this over-sized big dick.
Size 12 in the Shoe, 32 in the jeans.
Skinny as fuck. Motherfucking T-Shirt a 2X, yes.
And you could ask anybody here that’s daily, bitches feel me, fucking iPods wanna play me.
Ask me why I cuss so much.
Fuck, shit, cunt and dick.
Now shut the fuck up bitch, eat a fucking dick in a blanket,
I be on that stank shit.
Fuck everybody here,
What the fuck I look like Thankin?

Ohh shit, the beat ended, fuck. It’s ovveerrrr.
