

[Intro - Tyler, the Creator & A$AP Rocky:]
I'm not crazy, I'm a fuck oh shit!
Floopy goober, motherfucker, floopy fucking goober
They ain't ready for what we bout to bring back!
They ain't ready for Tyler with the green hat!
They ain't ready for the Wang$ap, niggas!
Fuck is niggas talking bout, nigga?
We gon die legends!

[Verse 1 - Tyler, the Creator:]
I hope you stacking
I hope you putting some money to the side, my nigga and paying your taxes
I hope you not incriminating you and your niggas on songs with you trapping
I hope you dressing yourself and not following niggas opinions on fashion
I hope them cars that you driving ain't rented just to get some comments on 'Gram
Oh shit, they are because you're not the man
Low self-esteem, hide it in Lean, Xan every meal
You fucking weak and you robbing your plug?
You ain't got no plan, but I'm not here to judge
Cause apparently you're doing your thing
Talk your shit, Young nigga!
I know they see me
Your pants got a flood, a little bit Katrina
Oh you wearing Vans and Supreme this season?
Stop lying to yourself, nigga, me the reason
Right now
A little goonie with some nice sounds
This little groupie want the pipe now
Yeah, she eating coochie, kinda dyke now
Got a new dirt bike, wow
And it match the go kart, go skrrt now, Talk your shit!
I really want the La Ferrari, but shit
Can't you lower the price down?

[Chorus - A$AP Rocky:]
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
Right now, nigga!
Right now, nigga!
Right now, nigga!

[Verse 2 - Tyler, the Creator:]
Cause I'm not one
When it come to a vision, I ain't got one
Rolling Stone never gave me a cover so
Umm so I shot one!
I ain't do college, I said fuck them lessons
I ain't join no gang, I said fuck them weapons
Grabbed the keyboard, Clancy crossed my path
Cashed my first check and said fuck depression, nigga
Nigga what you scared for?
Everybody lean, everybody gang know
Nigga you a new slave, I'm an old one
Thanks to Ben Yang, still walk around with chains on, like
You ain't seen no shit like mine
You ain't seen no dick like mine
Naaaah, pause

[Chorus - Kanye West:]
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
These niggas don't even understand! Goddamn, man!

[Verse 3 - Tyler, the Creator:]
Tell you dickheads I'm a go nuts
Niggas told me to grow up
So I matured to a V10
I'm in a vacant lot doing donuts
There go my ego, Leggo my Eggo
Never sip syrup, shout my nigga Scoobie
Y'all don't want beef, let us know he can eat that bread
Cause he pushing that mayo, fuego
Respect when you see him
Boy, last album was a musical museum
Something always lost with you niggas like Liam
Neeson, boy, you better run
Here I come, snorting glitter, portrait pictures
I don't run with many cause their walk is bitter
Niggas mad at T
Where the tall freckled white boys at? Cause I don't fuck with niggas
That's not my homie, that's not my woadie
That's not my team, nigga, they're benchwarmers
I am a stormer, I am a trooper
I am a cooper, bring the losses now, you assume as I moved it
I run the business
I do not got time for niggas opinions
They fucking stupid, don't need em, don't want em
I drop em, they're deadweight, them niggas useless
Neck heavy like mothafucking bad news
Thanks to Ben Baller, walking with a hunchback
I got a new white one that I worked hard for
So the doors on my car doing jump jacks
My big bro Frankie got a Porsche
My little brother Taco got a Bimmer
If you see em around me, they eating
We all good, it's like FEMA
But of course

[Interlude - A$AP Rocky:]
Get money, nigga! Get money!
All you funny looking niggas back the fuck up!

[Bridge - Tyler, the Creator:]
I wanted to add this
I sit in room with a to do list
Proceed to do and play acoustics, you
Sit around and look at me feeling foolish
Rolling up and make excuses, fuck it

[Outro - A$AP Rocky:]
Fuck them niggas!
Aye man, aye man!
Aye I just got one mothafucking question
Why the fuck these niggas wanna look like me now?
Why the fuck these hoes wanna fuck a nigga like me now?
Why the fuck these niggas fronting like niggas ain't been invented the swag they running with?
Why the fuck is niggas acting like niggas ain't the originators of this shit?
Man I tell these niggas they can die and suck a dick!
How was that? Cool?
